here we are today to see how we are going to
do
and
what he calls in English is a basket for
to filter them to filter the hops
as we can see we have
a drill
a coupling of
3 to 4 inches
a ring to hold the basket
testa is a 5 gallon bag of color
for painting 6 rings and 3 eighths
six nuts of three eighths and six
three octave screws with the tip
so let's start the first thing that
I'm going to be going to be marking the three
sites where I'm going to put the
screws now is that you do not have to
be very precise so I'm going to go over or
less down
no, it was not there
because we have one we can calculate that
the other will go more in the distance
here
and the tec but let's put
our next one is also not necessary
that is too precise
we could measure but I do not feel like
once we have this marked
What is more important is the
first the marks are black black
over black it looks pretty bad but in
Any case what is more
important
and know how far we want the
holes so for that we're going to
get a meter and let's measure it well
we do not want them centered we want them
as low as possible
so an inch and a half
an inch and a half from the top
we look for children the brand
and an inch and a half
we mark
Y
we make the first hole
subject very well is not
and command
we remove the important back hand
and we have the first eye
and the same thing we have with us
and now the only thing that remains for us
do is
the
in each of the screws we put one
nut
Wants to enter
about what
let's not be
a screw
we do not have the other side
a candle
we have bored down and now not
we fit we do not put the flag
she
only the nut
if we press view
we already have it firm
by means of income
tighten a tad more
and the first one is ready
and it's more than ready
now we join elaboration is to take the
bag
here we do not have the bag for the hops
and put it underneath
again
we do not have the ring
and basically
We could use
the electric screwdriver but it's going to
be a little complicated if you want with a
normal screwdriver and current
we have see
now we tighten the screw
to the other side
and in a matter of five minutes
we have our
our referee for the angle
and now let's see how it is going to be in
the boil
now block
perfectly and the only problem is that
touch
the resistance so we're going to have to
adjust the height but that does not have
no good cut because the chicken is already going
see this is how this gossip is made in
5 minutes
goodbye